README.md, before:

# Object Detection from Drones using a Fisheye Lens Camera

GitHub repository associated with the dissertation of Nelson da Silva's final year Master's project completed at the Imperial College London for the fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Electronic and Information Engineering.

This project augments the existing VisDrone dataset so as to make it look like it's been captured through a fisheye lens.

## Data Augmentation
The fisheye projection model chosen for this project can be applied to existing datasets using the scripts found in distortion_scripts/. The function to apply the considered radial distortion model is included in apply-fisheye.py for user interest but is not used.

## Testing

[`yolov7.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7.pt) [`yolov7x.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x.pt) [`yolov7-w6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6.pt) [`yolov7-e6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6.pt) [`yolov7-d6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6.pt) [`yolov7-e6e.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e.pt)

``` shell
python test.py --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 --batch 32 --conf 0.001 --iou 0.65 --device 0 --weights yolov7.pt --name yolov7_640_val
```

You will get the results:

```
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.51206
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.69730
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.75      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55521
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.35247
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55937
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.66693
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=  1 ] = 0.38453
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets= 10 ] = 0.63765
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.68772
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.53766
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.73549
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.83868
```

To measure accuracy, download [COCO-annotations for Pycocotools](http://images.cocodataset.org/annotations/annotations_trainval2017.zip) to the `./coco/annotations/instances_val2017.json`

## Transfer learning

[`yolov7_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7_training.pt) [`yolov7x_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x_training.pt) [`yolov7-w6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6_training.pt) [`yolov7-d6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6e_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e_training.pt)

Commit message:

get_datasets directory and information added to the readme to describe how to access these

README.md, after:

# Object Detection from Drones using a Fisheye Lens Camera

GitHub repository associated with the dissertation of Nelson da Silva's final year Master's project completed at the Imperial College London for the fulfilment of the requirements for the degree of Electronic and Information Engineering.

This project augments the existing VisDrone dataset so as to make it look like it's been captured through a fisheye lens.

## Data Augmentation
The fisheye projection model chosen for this project can be applied to existing datasets using the scripts found in distortion_scripts/. The function to apply the considered radial distortion model is included in apply-fisheye.py for user interest but is not used.

## Datasets
To access the datasets used in this project, simply run the scripts found in the get_datasets/ directory.

## Testing

[`yolov7.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7.pt) [`yolov7x.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x.pt) [`yolov7-w6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6.pt) [`yolov7-e6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6.pt) [`yolov7-d6.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6.pt) [`yolov7-e6e.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e.pt)

``` shell
python test.py --data data/coco.yaml --img 640 --batch 32 --conf 0.001 --iou 0.65 --device 0 --weights yolov7.pt --name yolov7_640_val
```

You will get the results:

```
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.51206
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.69730
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.75      | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55521
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.35247
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.55937
 Average Precision  (AP) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.66693
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=  1 ] = 0.38453
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets= 10 ] = 0.63765
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=   all | maxDets=100 ] = 0.68772
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= small | maxDets=100 ] = 0.53766
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area=medium | maxDets=100 ] = 0.73549
 Average Recall     (AR) @[ IoU=0.50:0.95 | area= large | maxDets=100 ] = 0.83868
```

To measure accuracy, download [COCO-annotations for Pycocotools](http://images.cocodataset.org/annotations/annotations_trainval2017.zip) to the `./coco/annotations/instances_val2017.json`

## Transfer learning

[`yolov7_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7_training.pt) [`yolov7x_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7x_training.pt) [`yolov7-w6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-w6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6_training.pt) [`yolov7-d6_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-d6_training.pt) [`yolov7-e6e_training.pt`](https://github.com/WongKinYiu/yolov7/releases/download/v0.1/yolov7-e6e_training.pt)
